Issues in Training Data
Total points 4
1.
Question 1
What formula represents a dataset shift?

1 / 1 point

Ptrain(y|x)≠Pserve(y|x) and Ptrain(x)=Pserve(x)

Ptrain(y|x)=Pserve(y|x) and Ptrain(x)≠Pserve(x)

> P train(y,x) not equal P serve(y,x)

Correct
Well done! The most generic case of distribution skews is when the joint distribution of inputs and outputs differs between training and serving.

2.
Question 2
What measure is typically used to determine the degree of data drift?

1 / 1 point

> Chebyshev distance (L-infinity)


Euclidean distance (L2)


Manhattan distance (L1)


Hamming distance

Correct
That’s it! Chebyshev distance is defined as maxi(|xi−yi|)
3.
Question 3
Distribution skew occurs when the distribution of the training dataset is significantly different from the distribution of the serving dataset, and is typically caused by: (check all that apply). 

1 / 1 point

Occurs when serving and training data don’t conform to the same schema. For example, int32 != float.


There is different logic for generating features between training and serving. For example, if you apply some transformation only in one of the two code paths.


> Trend, seasonality, changes in data over time.

Correct
Keep it up! Data distributions between training and serving often change and so this is another case of distribution skew.

> Faulty sampling method that selects a sample for training which is not representative of serving data distribution.

Correct
Spot on! A faulty sampling mechanism that chooses a non-representative subsample is an example of distribution skew.

> Different data sources for training and serving data.

Correct
Way to go! Data sources between training and serving often change and so this is another case of distribution skew.


A data source that provides some feature values is modified between training and serving time.

You didn’t select all the correct answers
4.
Question 4
TensorFlow Data Validation (TFDV) helps TFX users maintain the health of their ML pipelines. TFDV can analyze training and serves data to:

1 / 1 point

> Infer a schema.

Correct
 Nice going! In short, schemas describe the expectations for "correct" data and can thus be used to detect errors in the data.


Deploy pipeline to a mobile application.


> Detect data anomalies.

Correct
That’s the way! TFDV can check your data for error in the aggregate across an entire dataset or by checking for errors on a per-example basis.


> Compute descriptive statistics.

Correct
Perfect! TFDV goes beyond computing relevant statistics, it also has nice browser-based visualization tools.


Perform feature selection.


Perform feature engineering.
